This repository accompanies the paper " **A Bayesian Committee Machine Force Field for Organic Nitrogen Compounds**" by Hyun Gyu Park, Gi Beom Sim, Soohaeng Yoo Willow, Jung Woon Yang, ChangMo Yang, and Chang Woo Myung
- The data for plotting all of the graphs in the main text and supplementary materials can be found in the folder  ```Data/```. The figures in the paper are in the folder Figures. Notebooks in the folder ```Scripts/```  can reproduce Figures.

## Paper abstract
Large-scale simulations of atomic systems play a vital role in fields including chemistry, materials science, and more. However, they often struggle with efficiency due to high computational costs. To overcome this, machine learning force fields (MLFFs) have emerged as a promising alternative, providing accuracy comparable to density functional theory (DFT) while lowering costs. Nonetheless, variations in potential energy based on atomic environments make it challenging to apply kernel-based models across different compounds. To address this issue, we developed a MLFF using the active Bayesian Committee Machine (BCM) for carbon-nitrogen-hydrogen (C–N–H) with various compounds. MLFFs are trained with first-principles calculations and molecular dynamics simulations of various C–N–H molecules. Testing these models with longer amine structures and two Diels-Alder reactions shows excellent agreement with DFT results, demonstrating that ML models accurately predict potential energy surfaces of organic molecules and offer opportunity for studying a wide range of C-N-H compounds.
